# TFI_Restaurant_Revenue_Prediction
With over 1,200 quick service restaurants across the globe, TFI is the company behind some of the world's most well-known brands: Burger King, Sbarro, Popeyes, Usta Donerci, and Arby’s. They employ over 20,000 people in Europe and Asia and make significant daily investments in developing new restaurant sites.  Right now, deciding when and where to open new restaurants is largely a subjective process based on the personal judgement and experience of development teams. This subjective data is difficult to accurately extrapolate across geographies and cultures.   New restaurant sites take large investments of time and capital to get up and running. When the wrong location for a restaurant brand is chosen, the site closes within 18 months and operating losses are incurred.   Finding a mathematical model to increase the effectiveness of investments in new restaurant sites would allow TFI to invest more in other important business areas, like sustainability, innovation, and training for new employees. Using demographic, real estate, and commercial data, this competition challenges you to predict the annual restaurant sales of 100,000 regional locations.  TFI has provided a dataset with 137 restaurants in the training set, and a test set of 100000 restaurants. The data columns include the open date, location, city type, and three categories of obfuscated data: Demographic data, Real estate data, and Commercial data. The revenue column indicates a (transformed) revenue of the restaurant in a given year and is the target of predictive analysis. 
